This depends on Mr. Ji. What do you say?
It depends on whether you can be ruthless
If you wish
I can help you.
Let this be yours alone
It shouldn't be that simple, right?
Mr. Ji, you are so smart
No wonder this account
Can develop so well under your hands
Tell me what conditions
Mr. Ji doesn't need to do anything
You only need to be there when it matters.
Just be on our side
Want me to side with you
Then I have to meet the people behind you
Mr. Ji, is this a promise?
I want to see the person behind you
It's not time for you to meet yet.
You will see then
Then how do you plan to deal with Ji Mingyuan?
Mr. Ji will know later
Maybe after today
There are no more seasons in this world
Lin Yuan is here
We had a good cooperation that season.
My man is really good